Added articles "Reply to user reviews" & "Verify account information" (#1963)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/reply-to-user-review.md

---
title: Respond to user reviews about your extension

> description: Developers can view their Microsoft Edge extension’s reviews and ratings and respond to user reviews from the Partner Center dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Developers can view their Microsoft Edge extension's reviews and ratings and respond to user reviews from the Partner Center dashboard.
```
https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/markdown-reference?branch=main#apostrophes-and-quotation-marks

author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 05/27/2021
---
# Respond to user reviews about your Microsoft Edge extension

Microsoft recently launched a new feature enabling you to respond to user reviews received on the Microsoft Edge Add-ons product page.

You can view your extension’s reviews and ratings and engage with user reviews from the Partner Center dashboard.

> Follow these steps to view your extension’s **Reviews** page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to view your extension's **Reviews** page:
```
https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/markdown-reference?branch=main#apostrophes-and-quotation-marks

* View the total number of ratings received for your extension.

* Reply to reviews.

* View the list of all reviews received for your extension and your responses.

* Edit your previous responses.

* Apply filters to the reviews based on the extension rating and response status.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]
> * The response you share cannot be empty or exceed one thousand (1000) characters.
> * When you post a response using the Partner Center dashboard, it appears on your Microsoft Edge Add-ons product page in 15 to 20 minutes.

For more information, see the blog [Microsoft Edge Add-ons | NEW Feature to manage user reviews on your extension](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/articles/microsoft-edge-add-ons-new-feature-to-manage-user-reviews-on/m-p/3372537).

Share your feedback, questions, and comments with the team on Twitter [@MSEdgeDev](https://twitter.com/msedgedev/) or via our [GitHub community's Discussion topic](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/discussions/18).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## See also

> For more information about recently released features for Partner Center, see [Microsoft Edge Add-ons Released Features](..\whats-new\released-features.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about recently released features for Partner Center, see [Microsoft Edge Add-ons Released Features](../whats-new/released-features.md).
```
